docs: restructure and add more content (#2232)
caos/zitadel: docs/docs/apis/openidoauth/endpoints.md

[https://accounts.zitadel.ch/oauth/v2/authorize](https://accounts.zitadel.ch/oauth/v2/authorize)

:::note
The authorization_endpoint is located with the login page, due to the need of accessing the same cookie domain
:::

> The authorization_endpoint is the starting point for all initial user authentications. The user agent (browser) will be redirected to this endpoint to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authorization_endpoint is the starting point for all initial user initiated requests. The user agent (browser) will be redirected to this endpoint to
```

or set the `id_token_userinfo_assertion` Option ("User Info inside ID Token" in Console) to true.
:::

Depending on your authorization method you will have to provide additional parameters or headers:

<Tabs
    groupId="token-auth-methods"
    defaultValue="client_secret_basic"
    values={[
        {label: 'client_secret_basic', value: 'client_secret_basic'},
        {label: 'client_secret_post', value: 'client_secret_post'},
        {label: 'none (PKCE)', value: 'none'},
        {label: 'private_key_jwt', value: 'private_key_jwt'},
    ]}
>
<TabItem value="client_secret_basic">
no additional parameters required
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="client_secret_post">
no additional parameters required
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="none">

| Parameter             | Description                                           |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| code_challenge        | The SHA-256 value of the generated `code_verifier`    |
| code_challenge_method | Method used to generate the challenge, must be `S256` |

> see PKCE guide for more information

Reviewer: Can we provide a link here?
